chore: Noir Version Testing Update (#20)
noir-lang/noir_bigcurve: README.md

This library is a work in progress and likely full of bugs!

## Overview

`noir_bigcurve` make use of `noir-bignum` to optimally evaluate group operations using a minimal number of modular reductions. Runtime lookup tables are also used to reduce the number of group operations required when evaluating scalar multiplications

## Noir Version Compatibility

> This library is tested with all stable releases since 0.36.0 as well as nightly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is tested with all stable releases from Noir v0.37.0.
```
